Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Wednesday, February
the 18th, and this is the Moneyball
Morning Report. Charts by Trendpider and
Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. My name is
Anorie Band and we will begin looking at
the E- Mini S&P this morning. And what
are we seeing? Well, overnight inventory
is very bullish. Now, we just crested up
over this 6898 level. That's a breakaway
zone. The next line would be 6930.
And then our first area of
supply is all the way up here at 6973.
Now what we have been doing is moving
very sideways
and what our stochastic is telling us is
that trend is up because we are above
the zero line but momentum is drifting.
Now notice when momentum drifts [snorts]
and trend is up, we revert to the trend
line or the most significant moving
average which we leave on as our VWAP.
That's our only one that we stare at. So
this has already done that and we're
bouncing off of a ledge. What is the key
breakaway zone today?
I think it's 68.885. And so as long as
we stay above that line, we are in
breakaway territory. Now, what normally
happens when we've got this kind of
motion, we do have some sort of
inventory correction.
When will that come? Could it be like
this one where we moved all the way up
into the trading day by majority and
then faded
into the close of that trading day which
was you know half day or so. Take a look
at this one. This one was uh negative
inventory that corrected and moved all
the way up into the prior congestion
zone and then collapsed really closing
almost where the GlobeEx was. So we have
an array of possibilities. Supply sits
below us and let's
let's take a look at the 30 minute
opening range candle.
It's not that big. It's looks like it's
about here.
And so we broke the opening range and
stayed below it, but held this area at
6850.
Very important. So it retested that area
and then moved upward now in breakout.
So, let's do a Fibonacci and see
what kind of
price action we've got going here. I
want to make sure I've got this 30
minute chart properly measured.
Yeah. Okay. And so, where did we come
to?
right at 694,
which is a bit of a measured event, but
it could easily continue if um let's
see, I go up to five
if instead of
let's see if I have 6.5.
Yeah, that's uh that's okay.
6.5 and then
7.5.
All right. So, that's what we're staring
down in terms of upward pressure. The
measurement looks to be working pretty
well and the traders are really trying
to get up over this 68.98.
Looks to me like dips or buys. This is a
very steep line
and the price action
is
very descriptive straight up. So as much
as we might want the markets to take
another breath, intraday motion says
dips are buys and that's really how we
read a stochastic. Our stochastics read
if they fade and trend is up, we are
simply fading into sport.
Especially if we are above the zero line
or the 50% range because this is a
stochastic RSI. All right. So what do we
have the gamma line 6885 is the do or
die. That's really I think that is the
call wall on the zero DTE. The big call
wall is up here at 7,000. The big put
wall remains 6,800.
The go no-go line for longs is 68.885.
Once we lose that 6885, we'll be back in
rangebased formation and that's going to
make the charts very choppy. The charts
look choppy today.
They they do they look they look choppy
if we lose that ledge. All right. So,
here is
the NQ. We'll stare at it next. The
breakaway formation for us is 25,000.
That's the zero DTE call wall. Um, let's
put an alert there. Bring it a little
close. The chart is bullish here. Very
bullish. Let's take a look at the 30
minute
opening formation.
Fairly wide.
And again it broke into this edge below.
I believe I need to remove this ray
because the market has told us that the
actual support ledge
is here at 24,79.
So that's going to be where our alert
structure actually sits. Where is the go
no-go line for bullish and bearish
formations
for DNQ? I would suspect that
below the current VWAP is the go no-go
line. And I'm going to put an alert
there. It's 24,8250.
And so that's that's where we're going
to put that line as the above below.
Pulling back into that line looks
bullish
all the way into that line. If it loses
that line, it's well inside of value
area high low and then we move back into
trend. Notice very interesting breakdown
and then recovery.
Clear zones of recovery. So, I suspect
this is still a buy zone,
but I am going to shift it just a
little.
24,575ish.
That's the new clean support
breakaway. We've got 25,000 above us and
then 25,116.
So this really does look like reflexive
buying in terms of
price action rebounding from support to
resistance back to support back to
resistance
seems very likely. Now here's the thing.
If we get up above here this line at
25,000 and some change we've
got literally
very little volume here. And so
could be a runaway train. We have to be
careful. Let's look at Bitcoin.
Bitcoin still caught in the mud.
Trend is still
relatively bearish.
We're trying to make a bottom here.
And there is some demand sitting at
67,100.
That's also the zero DTE put wall.
I
believe that the new line in the sand
here is 66,820.
If we lose that ledge, it's going to be
much more bearish.
And so that's really what we're staring
down. That's that's what we're staring
down right now. dips or buys, but notice
how the RSI slips below zero.
That's a little iffy. So, once it gets
back above zero and it recovers its
VWAP, it's got some thrust attached to
it with the upper edge near value area
high at 69,000
thereabouts.
69,100.
We'll make that an alert
and that'll be great. So that's what
we're looking at. A little bit of a
range event between 60
6,800
and 69,100.
Call 70,000.
Football walls still above at 72,000. So
these guys are still on the back foot.
All right, let's take a look at oil.
As I've been mentioning for days,
all the dips in oil have been buys and
they continue to be buys
through this broad range. Now, let me
clone this as it's broken out. As you
can see, the breakaway formation in oil
puts us right at the top of the current
zone, $64.17.
Is there supply above that could get in
the way? Yes.
Have we rejected this area every single
time? Yes. Could it be a worthwhile
rejection? Yes. Except notice the
location of the RSI and the overall
trend
is positive. So the pullback is very
likely to come into the relative gamma
line which is around $63.75
$63.80.
That is going to be
the line that we want to watch for. That
is the go no-go because this is in
breakaway territory.
And what we can do is
clone this
to see
where we head to next.
All right, let's fold this one in here.
Okay, and we'll see where we go from
here. Right now, breaking out supply
well above us into 65. That's a that's a
fairly likely target to be honest. Just
so long as we, you know, pull back and
give some good support up at the edge.
65 then becomes the target and we'll put
an alert right there. Dips or buys.
Could the dip be savage? Yes. What do
you want to do? You want to watch it
come back and make some formations that
look nice and clean sideways like that
and it'll be in good shape. Okay. If you
want to stare down the five minute and
say, "Hey, what's going on? See how this
RSI is pegged up here? That means
absolutely hanging on. So, not a short.
It's only a short if it starts breaking
down. And the way it breaks down is that
it heads higher but doesn't hold the
high and then it eventually breaks
support. So, it is at the top of that
range. So, you are going to see people
trying to sell it there. All right,
let's take a look at gold.
Gold is still in a bit of a downward
trend
on a 30inut chart.
Gobs of demand right underneath. This is
gigantic.
40 4865
to 48
support ledge.
What is overall trend? Overall
trend is down, but we are in one of
these patterns. And so this was the last
pattern that we had that broke, came
into the line and then collapsed. Could
we see the same thing? Potentially.
Point of control, sorry, VWAP is 4967.
Point of control is 4933.
The break over 4970
or so
uh gives us upward pressure into the
gamma line near 5,020
between 520 and and 5,000.
On the way there, we do have some noise
and that noise is
4991.
That's the next fly in the ointment, per
se. But that is 30 points from where it
is um that the first resistance line is.
So we have a lot of room. We'll see what
happens. I still think that this sits in
a box and that's that's what we're
staring down. We're still sitting in the
box. Okay, let's go to Spy.
Spy opened at the 4:00 a.m. candlestick,
right? That's they open up when Europe
does.
and the 30 minute candlestick
broke both sides of the range.
That compression event, this is pretty
tight range. So, it's not surprising
that it broke both sides. Supply sitting
above it. So if they get above this
supply
very likely to get us some more upside
pressure for sure with this move up into
688.
The max pain for the zero DTE believe it
or not is 684.
So let's see how well max pain works
today.
We'll check it out for tomorrow.
See if it bounces off of this zone.
Let's add a piece of text so I remember.
Let's see if it gets back there. It
could easily fade. Right. Okay, that's
it for me, folks. We've got uh top
office hours in the coach's classroom in
30 minutes. actually at 8:00 and then
I'm on TopStep TV for group coaching.
So, please bring your questions
and I will chat with everyone soon. Take
care.